Add InService option for AWS (#39)
nginxinc/nginx-asg-sync: README.md

Small timeouts ensure that a health check will fail fast if the backend instance is not healthy. Also, the mandatory parameter ensures NGINX Plus won't consider a newly added instance healthy until a health check passes.

> When using AWS it's possible to filter the instances that are in a `InService` state of the [Lifecycle](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/autoscaling/ec2/userguide/AutoScalingGroupLifecycle.html) with the parameter `in_service` set to `true`. This will ensure that the IPs won't be added until the instance is ready to accept requests. 

Reviewer: Small suggestion
```suggestion
When using AWS it's possible to filter out the instances that are not in a `InService` state of the [Lifecycle](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/autoscaling/ec2/userguide/AutoScalingGroupLifecycle.html) with the parameter `in_service` set to `true`. This will ensure that the IP won't be added until the instance is ready to accept requests. 
```

> 

Reviewer: I suggest adding the following comment as well to the previous paragraph. Let me know what you think about it

This also works when an instance is being terminated: the asg-sync will remove the IP of an instance that went from  the `InService` state to one of the terminating states. Note: because the asg-sync works on a polling-based model, there will be a delay between the instance  going to a terminating state and the asg-sync removing its IP from NGINX Plus. To guarantee that NGINX Plus doesn't send any requests to a terminated instance, make sure the instance goes to the `Terminating:Wait` state for a period greater than the interval `sync_interval_in_seconds`.
